New Modules (#60)
gofrontier-com/azurerm-terraform-modules: modules/search-service/README.md

> # Data Factory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Search Service
```

> This module creates an [Azure AI Search Service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/search_service) and associated [Diagnostic Setting](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module creates a [Search Service](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/search_service) and associated [Diagnostic Setting](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting).
```

## Usage

```hcl
module "search_service" {
  source = "https://github.com/gofrontier-com/azurerm-terraform-modules/releases/download/search-service/[VERSION]/module.tar.gz//src"

  environment         = "dev"
  identifier          = "mortgages"
  location            = "uksouth"
  resource_group_name = module.resource_group.name
  zone                = "mtg"

>   tags = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  log_analytics_workspace_id = data.azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.main.id

  tags = {
```
